IRC meeting, 2014-02-15 15:00 UTC
==============

Agenda: evaluate the last edition and see where+how we can improve

* Audio:
  - Have ULB do stuff: not complete success. Should we do it ourselves
    next year? Or should we just push them into preparing better?
    - Possibly: have ULB do audio in rooms where some equipment is
      present already, we do the other rooms.
  - omnidirectional mikes: probably should not be used again
  - Should have a headset and some method to verify audio is working right.
    - Alternatively: should attempt to have speakers everywhere.
  - Audio should be ready on friday, not saturday morning, so we can do
    tests
* Preparation:
  - maybe ask ULB for an office or something that we can use for a week
    or so to prepare.
  - Holger leads.
  - Possibly use something more common than fai to manage systems, so
    more people can help manage them.
* Managing recordings:
  - rsyncing off the laptops at night to a single server is probably not
    a good idea.
  - running two dvsink-files instances can end us up with two sets of
    almost-but-not-quite-the-same recordings
  - One server per building?
  - rsyncing to multiple servers, each having ~7 laptops syncing to it
    on a separate small switch?
  - Record to a USB disk that could be exchanged at a reasonable time?
  - Have a decent 48port switch with fast backplane.
* Operational:
  - Have building managers, with walkies (with a dedicated channel?)
  - Have a central "overview person" who manages building managers and
    troubleshooting squad
  - Have maps of rooms, so we can put the camera location on the map
  - Have a whiteboard.
  - Have a monitor station where we can watch streams and check audio
  - Switch to icewm (away from XFCE)
  - run a veyepar instance (or parts thereof) on each master, so people
    can go ahead associating immediately.
  - better structure in volunteers management/email address gatherings
